feat: add docs for backup to the cloud (#522)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/en/disaster-recovery/backup-restore-database/cloud-backup.md

We suggest you to enable the S3 bucket versioning so that files can be recovered even if bad things happen.

### Step 2 - Create a policy to define access permissions to the bucket

To access the AWS S3 bucket, Bytebase requires sufficient privileges. The typical way to grant an application permissions is to create a policy with the proper permissions and grant them to an IAM user. Then you can give the IAM user’s credentials to Bytebase for backup.

Firstly, we need to create a policy to grant access permissions to the newly created bucket. Go to the [policy page](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home#/policies) and click the create policy button. Choose the “JSON” tab, and put the example below in the text field:

```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": ["s3:*"],
            "Resource": [
                "arn:aws:s3:::<YOUR-BUCKET-NAME-HERE>",
                "arn:aws:s3:::<YOUR-BUCKET-NAME-HERE>/*"
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

> Please substitute the `<YOUR-BUCKET-NAME-HERE>` part with your actual bucket name. Do not change the Version field’s value, which is the newest version of the AWS policy language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please substitute the `<YOUR-BUCKET-NAME-HERE>` part with your actual bucket name. Do not change the "Version" field’s value, which is the newest version of the AWS policy language.
```

```ini
[default]
aws_access_key_id=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE
aws_secret_access_key=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY
```

## Bytebase Flags

To enable the backup to the cloud feature, start Bytebase with the corresponding command line flags.

### AWS S3

You should start Bytebase with the following three additional command line flags:
- `--backup-region` specifies the S3 bucket region, e.g., `--backup-region us-east-1`
- `--backup-bucket` specifies the S3 bucket, e.g., `--backup-bucket s3://bytebase-dev`
- `--backup-credential` specifies the AWS S3 credentials, e.g., `~/.aws/credentials`

If you run Bytebase in a container, please put the credentials file in a mounted volume where the container can access it. Here’s an example of running Bytebase in a docker container with a mounted AWS S3 credential file:

```bash
docker run --init \
  --name bytebase \
  --restart always \
  --publish 5678:8080 \
  --health-cmd "curl --fail http://localhost:5678/healthz || exit 1" \
  --health-interval 5m \
  --health-timeout 60s \
  --volume ~/.bytebase/data:/var/opt/bytebase \
  --volume ~/.aws:/var/opt/bytebase/.aws \

>   bytebase/bytebase:1.4.0 \

Reviewer 2: use %%bb_version%%

Author: Fixed.

  --data /var/opt/bytebase \
  --port 8080 \
  --backup-region us-east-1 \
  --backup-bucket s3://bytebase-dev \
  --backup-credential /var/opt/bytebase/.aws/credentials
```

Now Bytebase will start with all backup files stored in the cloud. All operations for backup and restore are the same as before.

<hint-block type="warning">

> Caveat: If you used to run Bytebase without these flags, you might already have backups in your local disk. They can be successfully restored even if you run Bytebase with the new flags to store new backups in the AWS S3. But we still recommend that you do at least one backup for the production databases after the new Bytebase deployment. This ensure that there are backups in the cloud storage and that your data is safe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Caveat: If you used to run Bytebase without these flags, you might already have backups in your local disk. They can be successfully restored even if you run Bytebase with the new flags to store new backups in the AWS S3. But we still recommend that you do at least one backup for the production databases after Bytebase switches to the cloud backup. This ensures that there are backups in the cloud storage and that your data is safe.
```
